README.md, before:

# Portfolio Builder

Build your professional Portfolio in just 5 minutes. All you have to do is just fill in a simple form.

## Installation

Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder.git
```

Navigate to the repo

```bash
cd Portfolio-Builder
```

Install node packages

```bash
npm install
```

Start the application

```bash
npm start
```

## Usage

1. Open the code in your choice of IDE.

2. Open the file "Info.js" in /src/Info/Info.js.
   You will see a json file with key value pair and a dummy form filled in for easier understanding. All you need to do is just edit the values for your profile.

3. For adding logo, add the picture file (.svg, .png, .jpeg) to /src/assets. Import the logo as shown below

```javascript
// For .svg
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.svg";

// For .png
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.png";

// For .jpeg
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.jpeg";
```

Replace the logo's with required picture which you imported.

4. Save and refresh the page.

## DEMO

1. Tool bar with customisable links, logo. Name with animation followed with profile overview.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-1.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="300">

2. Add as many technical skills, with auto alignment and positioning.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-2.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="300">

3. Add projects with logo, project description link, project live demo link, and contributons automatically converted to unordered list. Show more button is automatically rendered when there are more than 3 projects.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-3.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

4. Add certifications, with name, description, issues date, expiry date, certificate id, onclick links.
   Show more button is automatically rendered when there are more than 4 certificates.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

5. Add testimonials from your linked in profile. With all the details that shows up on the linked recommendations.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

6. Add description about you and your picture, each new string is automatically converted to a paragraph.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

## Queries ?

Feel free to open an issue, I will be happy to answer you or modify the changes to meet your needs.

Commit message:

responsive design, dark theme, css enhancement, bug fixes

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Builder

Build your professional Portfolio in just 5 minutes. All you have to do is just fill in a simple form.
This project has responsive design, works both on desktop and mobile.
Toggle between dark and light modes.

## Installation

Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder.git
```

Navigate to the repo

```bash
cd Portfolio-Builder
```

Install node packages

```bash
npm install
```

Start the application

```bash
npm start
```

## Usage

1. Open the code in your choice of IDE.

2. Open the file "Info.js" in /src/Info/Info.js.
   You will see a json file with key value pair and a dummy form filled in for easier understanding. All you need to do is just edit the values for your profile.

3. For adding logo, add the picture file (.svg, .png, .jpeg) to /src/assets. Import the logo as shown below

```javascript
// For .svg
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.svg";

// For .png
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.png";

// For .jpeg
import AnyName from "../assets/logoName.jpeg";
```

Replace the logo's with required picture which you imported.

4. Save and refresh the page.

## DEMO

1. Tool bar with customisable links, logo. Name with animation followed with profile overview.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-1.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="300">

2. Add as many technical skills, with auto alignment and positioning.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-2.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="300">

3. Add projects with logo, project description link, project live demo link, and contributons automatically converted to unordered list. Show more button is automatically rendered when there are more than 3 projects.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-3.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

4. Add certifications, with name, description, issues date, expiry date, certificate id, onclick links.
   Show more button is automatically rendered when there are more than 4 certificates.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

5. Add testimonials from your linked in profile. With all the details that shows up on the linked recommendations.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

6. Add description about you and your picture, each new string is automatically converted to a paragraph.

<img src="https://github.com/adamshoaib/Portfolio-Builder/blob/master/src/screenshots/Image-4.png?raw=true" alt="alt text" width="1000" height="400">

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

## Queries ?

Feel free to open an issue, I will be happy to answer you or modify the changes to meet your needs.
